[release-11.5.3] Rename Explore Apps to App Drilldown (#101259)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/explore/simplified-exploration/_index.md

To learn more, read:

- [From multi-line queries to no-code investigations: meeting Grafana users where they are](https://grafana.com/blog/2024/10/22/from-multi-line-queries-to-no-code-investigations-meeting-grafana-users-where-they-are/)

> - [A queryless experience for exploring metrics, logs, traces, and profiles: Introducing the Drilldown apps suite for Grafana](https://grafana.com/blog/2024/09/24/queryless-metrics-logs-traces-profiles/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [A queryless experience for exploring metrics, logs, traces, and profiles: Introducing the Drilldown apps suite for Grafana](https://grafana.com/blog/2025/02/20/grafana-drilldown-apps-the-improved-queryless-experience-formerly-known-as-the-explore-apps/).
```
